README.md, before:

![Archipelago Batboy Image](/docs/BatBoy_AP_Logo_layered.png)
# What is this?
This is a mod for the currently unreleased [Bat Boy](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1709350/Bat_Boy/) demo to connect it to the
[Archipelago architecture](https://github.com/ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago). Currently this only works as a fully remote mod, meaning a server must host the data for the
randomized game, whether playing a seed by yourself or with other people.

# What's Archipelago?
Archipelago is a multi-game multiworld randomizer and as this works with it allows this game to be randomized and played in a multiworld with all other
[Archipelago supported games](https://archipelago.gg/games)!

# What gets randomized?
Currently, as the demo only contains 3 levels, this randomizes the seeds and abilities obtained within
the demo's 3 levels, as well as the seeds and first hp upgrade in Helsia's shop.

# Are there any gotchas?
* Seeds picked up will only get registered when beating a level.
* Bat spin is required to progress in the second and third level so your bat spin will always be in either the first level or the first purchase of your shop.
* When you clear a level for the first time, it will enter a tutorial explaining the ability that level usually gives.
If you have not received this ability yet it will be impossible to clear but you can exit by just selecting quit from the pause menu.
* If you select quit multiple times from the pause menu while in a level the game will crash. This is a vanilla bug
so I won't be fixing this.

# How do I generate my randomized game?
In order to generate a randomized game for Bat Boy you must download the most recent [`.apworld` release here](/releases), and place it in an Archipelago 0.3.5 or newer
release in the `worlds` folder. The default path for this is `C:\ProgramData\Archipelago\worlds` so you should have `C:\ProgramData\Archipelago\worlds\batboy.apworld`.
You can then download the [default YAML template](/releases), modify it in a text editor to select your options, place it in the `Archipelago/Players` folder and run
`ArchipelagoGenerate.exe` to generate your randomized game. This will output a zip folder in `Archipelago/output`. From there you can either upload this resulting
zip to the [Archipelago website](https://archipelago.gg/), or run `ArchipelagoMultiServer.exe` and select the resulting zip.

# How do I connect to the randomized game?
In order to connect your game to the randomized server download the latest release from the [releases page](/releases) and place the contents of the zip folder in your
Bat Boy Demo game folder (probably `C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\Common\Bat Boy Demo` which you can also reach by right clicking the game in
your steam library and going to `Manage>browse local files`). Run the game and in the top left connection box enter the connection info to connect and play! `Host Name` is the server IP and port.
If you are running the `Multiserver` locally, this is `localhost`, if you're connecting to a friend this will be `IP.Add.ress:38281` and if it's on the website,
`archipelago.gg:<port>`. `Name` is the name field from the earlier yaml file (default `YourName1`), and `password` is optional, only required if the host set one.

# Issues
* Disconnecting will result in the game crashing. If this occurs, your login information is stored along with the save slot so you can simply reload the save file.
* No console exists so to see items received and sent, and hint you must connect to your slot with an Archipelago Text Client.
* The mouse cursor doesn't draw over the screen, so it can be difficult to click on the connection box. The elements will highlight when you mouse over them but no fix for this yet.

Commit message:

add missing location to readme

README.md, after:

![Archipelago Batboy Image](/docs/BatBoy_AP_Logo_layered.png)
# What is this?
This is a mod for the currently unreleased [Bat Boy](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1709350/Bat_Boy/) demo to connect it to the
[Archipelago architecture](https://github.com/ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago). Currently this only works as a fully remote mod, meaning a server must host the data for the
randomized game, whether playing a seed by yourself or with other people.

# What's Archipelago?
Archipelago is a multi-game multiworld randomizer and as this works with it allows this game to be randomized and played in a multiworld with all other
[Archipelago supported games](https://archipelago.gg/games)!

# What gets randomized?
Currently, as the demo only contains 3 levels, this randomizes the seeds and abilities obtained within
the demo's 3 levels, as well as the seeds and first hp upgrade in Helsia's shop.

# Are there any gotchas?
* Seeds picked up will only get registered when beating a level.
* Bat spin is required to progress in the second and third level so your bat spin will always be in either the first level or the first purchase of your shop.
* When you clear a level for the first time, it will enter a tutorial explaining the ability that level usually gives.
If you have not received this ability yet it will be impossible to clear but you can exit by just selecting quit from the pause menu.
* If you select quit multiple times from the pause menu while in a level the game will crash. This is a vanilla bug
so I won't be fixing this.
* I have not managed to find the location of the Windy Forest Green Seed and as such it is not a valid randomized location. Will add it once somebody tells me
where it is or I'm able to find it. Possible it doesn't exist in the demo but seems unlikely.

# How do I generate my randomized game?
In order to generate a randomized game for Bat Boy you must download the most recent [`.apworld` release here](/releases), and place it in an Archipelago 0.3.5 or newer
release in the `worlds` folder. The default path for this is `C:\ProgramData\Archipelago\worlds` so you should have `C:\ProgramData\Archipelago\worlds\batboy.apworld`.
You can then download the [default YAML template](/releases), modify it in a text editor to select your options, place it in the `Archipelago/Players` folder and run
`ArchipelagoGenerate.exe` to generate your randomized game. This will output a zip folder in `Archipelago/output`. From there you can either upload this resulting
zip to the [Archipelago website](https://archipelago.gg/), or run `ArchipelagoMultiServer.exe` and select the resulting zip.

# How do I connect to the randomized game?
In order to connect your game to the randomized server download the latest release from the [releases page](/releases) and place the contents of the zip folder in your
Bat Boy Demo game folder (probably `C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\Common\Bat Boy Demo` which you can also reach by right clicking the game in
your steam library and going to `Manage>browse local files`). Run the game and in the top left connection box enter the connection info to connect and play! `Host Name` is the server IP and port.
If you are running the `Multiserver` locally, this is `localhost`, if you're connecting to a friend this will be `IP.Add.ress:38281` and if it's on the website,
`archipelago.gg:<port>`. `Name` is the name field from the earlier yaml file (default `YourName1`), and `password` is optional, only required if the host set one.

# Issues
* Disconnecting will result in the game crashing. If this occurs, your login information is stored along with the save slot so you can simply reload the save file.
* No console exists so to see items received and sent, and hint you must connect to your slot with an Archipelago Text Client.
* The mouse cursor doesn't draw over the screen, so it can be difficult to click on the connection box. The elements will highlight when you mouse over them but no fix for this yet.
